Miss, it's okay,
I feel a little uncomfortable.
Your Majesty, the news is confirmed and I am pregnant.
Nubi has already asked about giving the princess a full paragraph,
Confirm nothing. I don’t want this to be the case,
If we cooperate with the Li family to pass on another generation, even pornographic things will not be suppressed.
Then when the time comes for Qinggu, it will be his Li family who has the final say.
Then, go to Qianjing’s house.
How to give it to Qinggu’s envoy?
Then you won't be able to win even Uncle Li for one day, and you will lose the house in one battle.
You go in first! Okay
Are you so tough when talking now?
A few days ago, the Queen and I were exploring the origin of life.
Your Majesty, you are so extreme that you are inviting death.
Stop giving me nonsense
Half a month is up
How do you think about it?
It is impossible for Chen Fo to want me to harm the country
this is your answer
Does that hurt the country and destroy the king?
Considerations taken into account
Damage to the country will never destroy it
There's no answer
I really know that today you will not be able to survive this Hongguo half-step.
one step two steps
Why didn't I die?
Wait a moment, I'll show you my death
It must be so miserable, love
Just asking for it is really a waste of time and money.
I just ask the army to do it for me today
Those two hundred thousand cloud souls who begged to kill for you
Bao Chong Xue Hate
Wearing it too
Pour this dog yellow liquid for me